Add Trait Object Support (#239)
minirust/minirust: spec/mem/pointer.md

/// of the address space.
pub type Address = Int;

/// A "trait name" is an identifier for the trait a vtable is for.

> /// This defines the size and function signatures of the methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// This defines the number of methods and their function signatures.
```
This isn't about the size of the type, right?

Author: Yes, size was ambiguous.

        meta_kind: PointerMetaKind,
    },
    FnPtr,

>     VTablePtr,

Reviewer: Interesting, I had not thought of making this a type. But it makes sense. :)
